Yeah, your fiancée.
What a pleasure to finally meet you.
Finally me? No way.
They've never seen each other before?
This is perfect.
Oh, well, it's nice to finally meet you, too.
Sorry about that.
And you? Have we met before?
I don't think so.
Selena Collins.
It's nice to meet you.
It's nice to meet you, Miss Collins.
Mr. Branson.
Selena here has spilled coffee over your fiancée's designer bag.
I think we should consider having her fired.
No. It's Miss Collins' first day.
Everyone gets nervous on their first day.
We all spill things from time to time, right?
Enjoy the rest of your day.
You better watch it, you little brat.
Next time you won't be so lucky.
Wow, the guy from the airport bathroom is my fiancée.
It's nice to meet you.